README: add link to PDF version (#5185)
tldr-pages/tldr: README.md

for the most common UNIX, Linux, macOS, SunOS and Windows command-line tools.

## How do I use it?

> If you just want to browse without installing anything, check out the [PDF version.](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-pages.github.io/blob/master/assets/tldr-book.pdf)

Reviewer: It looks like you removed the newline that usually comes after headers...

```suggestion

If you just want to browse without installing anything, check out the [PDF version.](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-pages.github.io/blob/master/assets/tldr-book.pdf)
```

Reviewer: @older-pack to apply that suggestion:
1. Click "Commit suggestion"
2. Click "Commit changes"

Author: Sorry about that, I'm in over my head! This is my first git pull request.

## How do I use it?

> If you just want to browse without installing anything, check out the [PDF version.](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-pages.github.io/blob/master/assets/tldr-book.pdf)

Reviewer 2: Why not the `github.io` deployed URL:
```suggestion
If you just want to browse without installing anything, check out the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf).
```
